chore: update the js v6 page (#56)
zksync-sdk/sdk-docs: content/sdk/10.js/00.ethers/20.v6/05.accounts-l1-l2.md

---
title: Account Management | L1-L2 Transactions
description: Methods for handling transactions between L1 and L2 networks with ZKsync.
tags: ["zksync", "l1 to l2 transactions", "cryptocurrency", "ethereum", "wallet"]
---

Learn the methods for managing accounts and facilitating transactions between Layer 1 (L1) and Layer 2 (L2)
networks using ZKsync.

> For an overview of L1-L2 interactions on ZKsync, visit the [Developer Reference](https://docs.zksync.io/build/developer-reference/l1-l2-interop.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of L1-L2 interactions on ZKsync, visit the [Developer Reference](https://docs.zksync.io/build/developer-reference/l1-l2-interoperability).
```
